>> Will Sentance: So I'm gonna do another
sort of dotted line across here just to
sort of show we've now moved
on to the right hand side.
But we're still in the same run time.
We're still running the same code.
So paid user.
I should have been less spread out.
Paid user, creator is a function
definition, great, we don't do any of
the code inside of it, but we hope, when
we call that function, it's gonna give
us out an object, that's what we hope.
Okay, next line Chris.
>> Chris: We're creating a constant,
paid user functions.
>> Will Sentance: Thank you man,
yep user functions, which is an object.
Michael, what property do
we have on that object?
>> Michael: Increase balance.
>> Will Sentance: Increase
balance which is a function.
Excellent man thank you.
Okay so I slow down at this point cause
I want to get all these pieces right.
Here's our dream, people, is that I
can create a user, as a paid user.
Let's call it paid user one.
Here's my dream, you're probably gonna see
this in a second, but here's my dream.
That I can create an object, paid user
one, that has all properties of a user,
like name and score,
plus a bonus property, but
has my user one would not have
access to increase balance function.
But my paid user one.
Would have access to increase balance, but
would also have access to user functions.
David, what might I want to add to paid
user functions such that it has a link
to user functions, so
that when I go looking on this object for
my function using the proto-reference
on say paid user one.
See if I don't find something on here,
I'm gonna go and
look at the regular user functions.
What might I wanna add to this object,
how might I want to make that link?
>> David: So is that what set
prototype of this is getting after?
>> Will Sentance: What property
that all objects have.
>> Chris: Proto.
>> Will Sentance: Proto, and proto is
the place, it's a hidden property.
It's the place where if I go, if
JavaScript goes looking on this object for
a method and doesn't find it,
where does it go looking, Seth?
>> Seth: In proto.
>> Will Sentance: In proto.
Whatever, so
it wouldn't be nice if that
proto were a link up to.
>> Chris: User function.
>> Will Sentance: Up to user functions,
exactly.
So that we're gonna still, come back
to you in one second, Nick, I promise.
So we're still gonna have a link up
to that shared set of functions.
But our user one, it's just gonna
link straight to the user functions.
They're never gonna see this stuff.
But we're gonna open
a moment our paid user.
Let's call it paid user Terry or
we call it paid user one here.
But they're gonna go looking for
functions first in paid user functions.
And if they don't find something in here,
they're not gonna panic,
they're gonna look up to user functions.
Meaning they're gonna get access
to both the types of functions.
It's gonna be very nice, so how do I make
the proto link up to user functions?
Well I use this built-in tools
object that set prototype of which
takes in as its first input,
its first argument an object.
Which one is it,
well it's this one paid user functions.
And then it takes in as its second
input whatever you want to set
proto to on the first
input page of the object.
So whatever you wanna set
the proto pages functions to,
parse in as a second argument.
Well, that's gonna be user functions.
Why not call it set proto of?
But why?
Cuz technically they call anything
that's referenced from proto
the prototype of this object.
But it's referenced through
something called proto.
It's profoundly confusing.
If there were not a property
elsewhere called prototype
that is something totally different, which
we saw earlier, maybe not so confusing.
But where there is literally property as
well as prototype, it seems crazy to me
that you would say set prototype of, when
it is explicitly not setting a property
equal prototype, is explicitly
sending a property called, proto.
Now in the spec it technically calls this
property, even more confusingly, prototype
with two square brackets around it, which
is different to the prototype property.
Well, that's just ridiculous.
So we'll use the term proto for
it, because that is what
the Chrome DevTools refers to it as,
and it's become pretty standard.
Okay, so object of set prototype of,
takes in as its first input the object,
pages of functions, and then says,
set its proto to the second input.
Which is user functions.
So let's just put that in here.
User functions.
So this is looking pretty nice, people.
We have an object here,
that has a link up to user functions.
So if we now later on are gonna go
paid user one dot increase balance,
let's hope we can go and get it from here.
Paid user one dot, say, name.
We're not gonna find it here.
Hopefully we can still get it up here.
In other words, our paid user type or
paid user object will still get access
to all the stuff that users had.
Nice.